ACP2E-1186: Document the 'count' and 'scope' introduction (#20)
AdobeDocs/commerce-testing: src/pages/guide/integration/attributes/data-fixture.md

```php?start_inline=1
#[

>     DataFixture(string $type, array $data = [], string $count = 1, string $scope = 'default', ?string $as = null)

Reviewer: The current order does not match the constructor signature.
```suggestion
    DataFixture(string $type, array $data = [], ?string $as = null, ?string $scope = null, int $count = 1)
```

I am glad that PHP8 introduced named arguments that allows passing values to optional arguments independently of their positions

   -  Name of a class that implements `Magento\TestFramework\Fixture\DataFixtureInterface` or `Magento\TestFramework\Fixture\RevertibleDataFixtureInterface`.
-  **data**
   -  The optional array of data passed on to the fixture.
-  **count**

>    -  The optional number of entities of the same kind and configuration should this fixture generate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Available to developers using the [2.4-develop](https://github.com/magento/magento2/tree/2.4-develop) branch only. Scheduled for release in 2.4.6.
   -  The optional number of entities of the same kind and configuration should this fixture generate.
```

-  **scope**

>    -  The optional store view, website or store group identifier, from which the fixture will generate the entity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - Available to developers using the [2.4-develop](https://github.com/magento/magento2/tree/2.4-develop) branch only. Scheduled for release in 2.4.6.
   -  The optional store view, website or store group identifier, from which the fixture will generate the entity.
```

   -  Name of a class that implements `Magento\TestFramework\Fixture\DataFixtureInterface` or `Magento\TestFramework\Fixture\RevertibleDataFixtureInterface`.
-  **data**
   -  The optional array of data passed on to the fixture.
-  **count**
   - Available to developers using the [2.4-develop](https://github.com/magento/magento2/tree/2.4-develop) branch only. Scheduled for release in 2.4.6.

>    -  The optional number of entities of the same kind and configuration should this fixture generate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   -  The optional number of entities of the same kind and configuration that this fixture should generate.
```

-  **scope**
   - Available to developers using the [2.4-develop](https://github.com/magento/magento2/tree/2.4-develop) branch only. Scheduled for release in 2.4.6.

>    -  The optional store view, website or store group identifier, from which the fixture will generate the entity.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   -  The optional store view, website, or store group identifier from which the fixture will generate the entity.
```

}
```

### Specifying the number of instances of the same configuration the data fixture should generate 

<InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text" />

At this time, the parameter is only available for Adobe Commerce developer, and will become publicly available with Adobe Commerce 2.4.6 release.

Sometimes we need to generate several instances of a data fixture with exactly the same configuration.
For such cases, we can use the `count` parameter, and set its value to the desired number of instances.

```php?start_inline=1
class ProductsList extends \PHPUnit\Framework\TestCase
{
   #[
      DataFixture(ProductFixture::class, count: 3),
   ]
   public function testGetProductsCount(): void
   {
      $fixtures = DataFixtureStorageManager::getStorage();
      $product1 = $fixtures->get('product1');
      $product2 = $fixtures->get('product2');

>       $product3 = $fixtures->get('product3');

Reviewer: no alias will be assigned to the fixtures if the alias is not explicitly defined

>    }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   #[
        DataFixture(CategoryFixture::class, ['is_anchor' => 0], 'category1'),
        DataFixture(CategoryFixture::class, ['parent_id' => '$category1.id$'], 'category2'),
        DataFixture(ProductFixture::class, ['category_ids' => ['$category1.id$']])
        DataFixture(ProductFixture::class, ['category_ids' => ['$category2.id$']], count: 2)
    ]
    public function testAddCategoryFilter(): void
    {
        $fixtures = DataFixtureStorageManager::getStorage();
        $category1 = $fixtures->get('category1');
        $category2 = $fixtures->get('category2');
        $collection = $this->collectionFactory->addCategoryFilter($category2);
        $this->assertEquals(2, $collection->getSize());
        $collection = $this->collectionFactory->addCategoryFilter($category1);
        $this->assertEquals(1, $collection->getSize());
    }
```

}
```

### Specifying the number of instances of data fixture to generate

<InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text" />

> At this time, the parameter is only available for Adobe Commerce developer, and will become publicly available with Adobe Commerce 2.4.6 release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At this time, the parameter is available to developers using the [2.4-develop](https://github.com/magento/magento2/tree/2.4-develop) branch only. Scheduled for release in 2.4.6.
```

> Sometimes we need to generate several instances of a data fixture with exactly the same configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sometimes, we need to generate several instances of a data fixture with exactly the same configuration.
```

> For such cases, we can use the `count` parameter, and set its value to the desired number of instances.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For such cases, we can use the `count` parameter and set its value to the desired number of instances.
```

      DataFixture(ProductFixture::class, ['category_ids' => ['$category1.id$']])
      DataFixture(ProductFixture::class, ['category_ids' => ['$category2.id$']], count: 2)
   ]
   public function testAddCategoryFilter(): void
   {
      $fixtures = DataFixtureStorageManager::getStorage();
      $category1 = $fixtures->get('category1');
      $category2 = $fixtures->get('category2');
      $collection = $this->collectionFactory->addCategoryFilter($category2);
      $this->assertEquals(2, $collection->getSize());
      $collection = $this->collectionFactory->addCategoryFilter($category1);
      $this->assertEquals(1, $collection->getSize());
   }
}
```

Or in case where we need to specify an alias:

```php?start_inline=1
class ProductsList extends \PHPUnit\Framework\TestCase
{
   #[
      DataFixture(ProductFixture::class, as: 'product', count: 3)
   ]
   public function testGetProductsCount(): void
   {
      $fixtures = DataFixtureStorageManager::getStorage();
      $product1 = $fixtures->get('product1');
      $product2 = $fixtures->get('product2');
      $product3 = $fixtures->get('product3');
   }
}
```

> The generated fixtures will be assigned aliases product1, product2 and product3 respectively.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The generated fixtures will be assigned aliases product1, product2, and product3 (respectively).
```

### Specifying the store scope for the data fixture

<InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text" />

> At this time, the parameter is only available for Adobe Commerce developer, and will become publicly available with Adobe Commerce 2.4.6 release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
At this time, the parameter is available to developers using the [2.4-develop](https://github.com/magento/magento2/tree/2.4-develop) branch only. Scheduled for release in 2.4.6.
```

> If you need to instruct the system to execute a data fixture in the scope of a specific store view, you can set the `scope` parameter value to the valid store view, website or store group identifier.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you need to instruct the system to execute a data fixture in the scope of a specific store view, you can set the `scope` parameter value to the valid store view, website, or store group identifier.
```

> In the example below, we create a new store with the `store2` identifier and a product. Then we create a guest cart under the `store2` scope and add a created product to it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In the following example, we create a new store with the `store2` identifier and a product. Then, we create a guest cart under the `store2` scope and add a created product to it.
```
